Update Type Version Hash to use SHA-256, and details updates based on design discussion (#7)
wjwwood/rep: rep-2011.rst

Type Version Enforcement
------------------------

In order to detect and enforce type version mismatches, as well as communicate information about type descriptions compactly, a way to uniquely identify versions is required.
This proposal uses a hash of the type's description for this purpose.

Type Version Hash
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The hash must be calculated in a stable way such that it is not changed by trivial differences that do not impact serialization compatibility.
The hash must also be able to be calculated at runtime from information received on the wire.
This allows subscribers to validate the received TypeDescriptions against advertised hashes, and allows dynamic publishers to invent new types and advertise their hash programmatically.
The interface description source provided by the user, which may be a ``.msg``, ``.idl`` or other file type, is parsed into the TypeDescription object as an intermediate representation.
This way, types coming from two sources that have the same stated name and are wire compatible will be given the same hash, even if they are defined using source text that is not exactly equal.

> Once a TypeDescription is obtained, a "pre-hash sanitizing" modification must be run on the data structure, which today only must remove field default values, which do not affect communication compatibility.

Reviewer: I find this sentence a bit confusing, especially since it is followed immediately by a list of what *does* affect communication compatibility.

I think this might be better worded as:

```suggestion
The hash must only be computed using fields that affect communication compatibility.  Thus the representation should include:
```

This representation includes:

- the package, namespace, and type name, for example `sensor_msgs/msg/Image`
- a list of field names and types
- a list of all recursively referenced types
- no field default values
- no comments

> Finally, the resulting filled data structure must be represented in a platform-independent format, rather than running the hash function on the in-memory native type representation.

Author: I'm a bit caught up on this part. Not sure how I should represent the TypeDescription for hashing. First instinct is always "dump it to YAML", but I'm not sure if that's the best approach. It doesn't have to be dictated here in the REP but the proposal spec, wherever that lives, will specify this strongly for RIHS1.

Author: As discussed in weekly meeting, we will represent as JSON (implementation detail: emitted in C by specific libyaml configuration)
